Welcome to Sodapop!

***Sodapop is in Alpha development, so a lot of work has yet to be done.***

*What is Sodapop?

Sodapop is a light PHP framework meant to provide the basic MVC and OO
structure for building web applications.  It is minimal in
functionality, the core code providing just the bare necessities for web
app development.

This has of course been done numbers of times by numbers of products,
and certainly done much better than I am able to do with Sodapop.

However, I wanted the experience of creating an MVC framework from
scratch.  I also want to be able to say that I have build my web apps
from the ground up - and by building them on top of my own framework,
that will remain true.

*How is it set up?

The basic Sodapop application is a set of php files in the MVC model. It
does the heavy lifting background stuff - database management,
environmental data, etc etc - leaving you free to build any sort of web
application on top of it that you desire.

Web applications are build as "apps" and are set in the "apps"
directory.

Modules can also be built, and run as smaller apps themselves.  They can
be embedded in the template separate from apps. You would place them in
the "modules" directory.

And finally there is a template directory where you can store the
templates for your project.

*What are the basic principles you are going for?

Keeping it simple, light and extendable - that's the basic idea.  The
core should always remain independent of the apps and modules.  It
should run properly if any and or all of them are removed.  Even the
apps that serve "Core" functionality - such as user login and
management, are not vital to the core application... and could very
easily be replaced by an app that functions differently.

*Can I help with it?

Uh yeah totally!  Im learning a lot as I go along, and much of what is
done here could probably be done better.  There are holes too that I'd
be happy to have someone help fill.  Changes in the core are welcome,
and new apps, modules and templates are way more than welcome.  If you
are interested, or want to chat with me you can reach me at
bradisarobot@gmail.com.  In truth though, Sodapop is really a personal
project that will probably only be useful to myself to expedite my own
future projects.

*Who are you?

I'm Brad. I'm self-taught and have a lot to learn but really enjoy
working with PHP.  This project has been a great way to put what I am
learning into practice, while forcing me to learn more in order to solve
problems that I run across.

Thanks for checking out Sodapop and again, please feel free to reach out to me
if you have any questions, want to be involved in any way, or to kindly provide
feedback or suggestions for better ways of doing things.

Thanks much!

---
Brad Grochowski
Tinboat Webworks
http://tinboatwebworks.com
bradisarobot@gmail.com
